what's Quino is me andhd an invis video
I'll be showing you how to get alpha map
on retrieve so if you are signed in to
our YouTube account
please click the like button and also
click Subscribe so basically what you
need to do is make sure to come to this
location on the map and you'll have gone
to the stairs and you'll go on to this
like little barrier and you know jump
from the actual step area on to this
corner and when you're on the corner you
want to use your actual double dashing
like spring in your land onto this like
Tails head on the rock so when you're up
here you'll have to have someone else as
well up here so very placed down their
shield you get on top of their shield
and what you can do is now you could
actually use the overclock to actually
get up here and there's gonna be a
barrier on here so you can land on here
so make sure you have your own shield
and place your shield on this barrier
jump on it and just do a double dash
onto this roof and when you're on actual
the roof what you want to do is you want
to go to the end of the roof and you
want to use your actual EXO hover so
just spring you jigs or hover make sure
you line up where you can see and
there's gonna be a barrier on the rock
just on the actual edge and when you're
on the barrier you wanna use your ex or
clock and you wanna basically just do
like double dash in line spin in number
and you like to like get out the map
it's really easy in a way but for me
this is really tricky because this is
probably one of the hardest glitches
I've ever done it's just it just takes
time basically but if you're a good
glitter you love no problems doing this
so the founder obvious glitch is VIP X
glitches HD feel free to check out his
channel in the description below if
anyone needs help with this follow me on
Twitter at under HD x gaming and before
we end this video check out a silly
gaming calm because we do really nice
custom controllers make sure to use my
discount card it is dxg to get 10% off
thank you for watching and I hope to see
you in the next video
in the living room waving hands on
training screaming standing on couches
under cushions patters of patches all
night inside that countless benefactor
yesterday's after you set a hell with
that's funny that research is your
mother Barry it's apparent most apparent
every time that I walk through the front
door to the gun show